[youtube] Add options to skip webpage and js player for video extraction (#860)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

* **youtube**
    * `skip`: `hls` or `dash` (or both) to skip download of the respective manifests
    * `player_client`: Clients to extract video data from. The main clients are `web`, `android`, `ios`, `mweb`. These also have `_music`, `_embedded`, `_agegate`, and `_creator` variants (Eg: `web_embedded`) (`mweb` has only `_agegate`). By default, `android,web` is used, but the agegate and creator variants are added as required for age-gated videos. Similarly the music variants are added for `music.youtube.com` urls. You can also use `all` to use all the clients

>     * `player_skip`:
>         - `configs` - skip any requests for client configs and use defaults
>         - `webpage` - skip request for the initial webpage
>         - `js` - skip request & usage of the js player file for all clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `player_skip`: One or more of `configs` (skip requests for client configs), `webpage` (skip request for the initial webpage), `js` (skip request for js player). While these options can help reduce the number of requests needed or avoid some rate-limiting, they could cause some issues. See [#860](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/pull/860) for more info
```
